Hello internet users, let's go with this chain
the idol attacker in victory
because of the good performance in 2007 in the
I saw the second division in good afternoon.
How do you still get the affection?
of the crowd of victory and in the streets
good afternoon, I do not think it's just the fan
of victory but if the fans of bahia
also always commit myself very well and
I'm happy for this
how do you see the fact and this is one of
glasses from the north and northeast of
ba vi is in another record interview
already commented he says that it is as if
happened yesterday night
always in my memory I do not think
only in my but of the fans of the
Bay's victory is always in the memory
of victory against korea
but our difficulty talking to him
it is only in the first three months that I
I had that I did not have well but the coach
always welcomed me very well and he and I
placed on the second team for a
three months to adapt well
Thank God it went well and I passed
four seasons which were very much
good here you leave Brazil you had a
population and even pro-Flemish,
for his performance in victory
do you think this still for korea
a traditional center made it difficult to leave
for a great brazilian club it's in
season had in this proposal reached until the
me too but in the year that had
this proposal
the Flemish made the proposal but not
Financial had is that it is only what I
it was more than putting that percentage
if you ever did sell a season or
work and not stay
but he kept this negotiation and everything
player who is able to take care of
go out with out out right and at the time
which was a good opportunity for me and
I was very happy to have a return to
victory that happened to this
yield is a problem
I do not think the only major problem was
The case of justice is that I put in had
success
and life goes on, I did not go in, it was not
run to be able to play but I did not have
success in the rival bay if you have
opportunity I want to see this purpose
Certainly I do not have it today.
no businessman does not have a club now
that your club
of course if you have such a proposal it would be
Do not you think you have rejection
pastor because of his provocation
when the end of that closed toward
to the fans of Bahia
boy I think not beetle that has the
moment fan right
There are a lot of fans today.
What issue of Bahia are my friends and
they do not always say that they will one day
I want to live in Bahia
who knows how to play in the bay and make a
win the game you repeat the provocation
maybe 40 win pro closed for
My opinion, right, I guess.
players who do not celebrate at apple by
being on the other team I have to
thank you very much history victory
thank god that was in the win but
if one day you come and play for Bahia
Of course if I score, I'll celebrate.
How bad is it at the moment?
a proposal is training is happening
physically
now I'm training at the Academy of motorcycle
to there getting ready for the minute
this is already an opportunity for some
club is well enough to play
I know there has contact with bida
Dachshund with davi it personal
he came with you he used to paint
again being up for the first time
division
tried to contact everyone with 1 - is
taking care of a honda sees two of
life is the center forward now the defender
of the selection but has a contact with them
all but not daily but always
I'm looking to get in touch with them, how are you?
son for the village and the world cup
was accompanied in the victory is the best
It's possible we know that yesterday
have a difficult game but we know that
improve the quality of the selection I think
What are you going to see if it's going to work?
in the forest economy have contact with
the korea players with whom you
played
Maybe you can understand the crowd better.
He does not have a crowd for them.
Because I played with some of them.
players
He has this affection, I can go through
four seasons there but I have this
affection for the players across the country
I hope he gets to sign on
any single perspective for this
season is planning on coming back
this year or think about going back to
championship but next year in the
lord for the conflict this year
not to training for the time you want
to appear the opportunity is fine and
I hope I'll soon be already
helping to leave the message of our
fan and us nets is
first to thank the opportunity
with you and I hope that
knows he can come back as much as possible
celebrate the goals to fight